Upgrade validation methods (#1911)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/pynwb: docs/source/validation.rst

.. code-block:: bash

  pynwb-validate -n ndx-my-extension test.nwb

To validate against the version of the **core** NWB specification that is included with the installed version of
PyNWB, use the ``--no-cached-namespace`` flag. This can be useful in validating files against newer or older versions
of the **core** NWB specification that are installed with newer or older versions of PyNWB.

.. code-block:: bash

  pynwb-validate --no-cached-namespace test.nwb

.. Last updated 8/13/2021
.. code-block:: text

  $pynwb-validate --help
  usage: pynwb-validate [-h] [-lns] [-n NS] [--json-file-path JSON_FILE_PATH] [--no-cached-namespace] paths [paths ...]

  Validate an NWB file

  positional arguments:
    paths                 NWB file paths

  options:
    -h, --help            show this help message and exit
    -lns, --list-namespaces
                          List the available namespaces and exit.
    -n NS, --ns NS        the namespace to validate against

>     --json-file-path JSON_FILE_PATH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --json-output-path JSON_OUTPUT_PATH
```

I think `--json-output-path` might be more clear what this argument is for someone looking at the arguments quickly.

Author: I'm good updating for clarity! I used ``json-file-path`` originally since that is the same flag used by the nwbinspector CLI, but I don't think consistency across those CLIs is strictly necessary.

                          Write json output to this location.
    --no-cached-namespace

>                           Use the PyNWB loaded namespace (true) or use the cached namespace (false; default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                          Use the namespaces installed by PyNWB (true) or use the cached namespaces (false; default).
```
